I know we've all seen the trend of the football boyfriend bingo, and if you want to play too
and practice your code at the same time, it's not that hard to build using Shiny for Python.
This game requires a few things, generating the rules for bingo, a bingo board, a way
to mark the cards as complete, and a fun modal when you win.
First, we need a place to create the rules for each of the cards.
We need a text input and a submit button.
Next, we need to create the bingo cards.
This is nothing more than a card component that reads from our inputs.
Then we can turn the cards into buttons that track whether this element has been clicked
or not.
Finally, we need to track the bingo status using some basic logic.
And then you can play boyfriend bingo all season long.
Make sure to follow for more data science content.
Bye!